improved retry machanism in fetch-incidents (#21147)
demisto/content: Packs/QRadar/Integrations/QRadar_v3/README.md

    | QRadar API Version | API version of QRadar \(e.g., '12.0'\). Minimum API version is 10.1. | True |
    | Incident Type |  | False |
    | Fetch mode |  | True |

>     | Retry events fetch | Whether to retry in search events to fetch all events. Defaults to `true`. | False |

Reviewer: Please add the description from the additional info

## Troubleshooting

When *Fetch with events* is configured, the integration will fetch the offense events from `QRadar`.

> It is possible, however, that some events may be missed during incident creation. If **Retry events fetch** enabled, the integration retries to fetch all events if the number of events fetched is less than `event_count`. The default value for retries is 3, and the wait time between retries is 100 seconds.

Reviewer: This requires a rewrite. Try this:
```suggestion
Nevertheless, some events may not be available when trying to fetch them during an incident creation. If **Retry events fetch** is enabled, the integration tries to fetch more events when the number fetched is less than the expected `event_count`. In the default setting, the integration will try 3 times, with a wait time of 100 seconds between retries.
```
